hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2014 film x-men Days of Future
past the x-men films have two timelines
check out the link in the description
for a more clear picture on where this
film falls into the storyline the
summary relies in part that you've seen
the previous film if you'd like to see a
summary check out the links below as
well as the summaries for the other
Marvel films the film opens in the
future with mutants and humans being
eliminated by virtually invincible
robots called sentinels the Sentinels
have Mystique's powers of transformation
which they obtained after she was
captured during the assassination of dr.
Trask the creator of the Sentinels
proposed mutants some from the previous
film some new are in a hideout in remote
China a mutant named Kitty Pryde is able
to send Wolverine back to 1973 so he can
prevent mystique from assassinating dr.
Trask which will eventually lead to her
capture and the creation of sentinels in
1973 Wolverine finds the younger Xavier
and beast Xavier has been using a serum
that allows him to walk but prevents him
from being able to use his telepathic
powers wolverine explains his mission
and gets Xavier to free magneto who's in
prison below the Pentagon for
assassinating John F Kennedy once
magneto is free they travel to get
mystique and get to her just as she's
about to kill dr. Trask Magneto and
mystique escape dr. Trask lives and once
President Richard Nixon of the dangers
mutants and the president approves Trask
Sentinel program
Mystique's blood is recovered from the
scene to be used for the sentinel
magneto finds the prototype Sentinel and
laces them with metal which allows him
to control the sentinels Xavier stopped
taking his serum and begins to regain
his telepathic powers however is no
longer able to walk
Xavier uses cerebro to track down the
steep who's on her way to Washington DC
in DC the Sentinels are revealed where
magneto takes control and begins to
attack
the crowd important political figures
and a disguise misdeeds go into a safer
Magneto uses his powers and plans to
kill the occupants of the safe room
but mystique disguised as Richard Nixon
stops magneto with a plastic gun
Xavier persuades mystique to spare Trask
and allows mystique and Magneto to
escape Mystique's actions are seen as a
positive for mutant and dr. Trask is
arrested for selling military secrets by
doing this the mutants that are seen in
the beginning of the film that are in
the future are no longer being pursued
by sentence wolverine wakes up in the
future and finds all other mutants are
alive including Jean Grey and Cyclops
who died in the third x-men film the
split creates the new timeline that we
see in the x-men Cinematic Universe
in a post-credits scene we see a crowd
chanting to the ultra powerful mutant
named apocalypse who is using
telekinesis to build pyramids as four
horsemen watch nearby this is hinting at
the next film x-men apocalypse so that
was the spoilers for x-men Days of
Future past if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]